Updates to release checklist and PR template to improve processes (#6293)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: .github/release-initial-checklist.md

* [ ] Create the testing notes for the release. 
  * [ ] For each pull request linked in the changelog grab the `User Facing Testing` notes from the PR's description. 
  * [ ] Add the notes to `docs/testing/releases`
  * [ ] Update the `docs/testing/releases/README.md` file index.
* [ ] Copy a link to the release zip you created earlier into the testing notes. To generate the link you can upload the zip as an attachment in a GitHub comment and then just copy the path (without publishing the comment).
* [ ] Commit and push the testing docs to the release branch.
* [ ] Smoke test built release zip using the testing instructions you created:
  * Test in a clean environment, e.g. Jurassic.Ninja site.
  * Test existing WooCommerce Blocks content works correctly after update (no block validation errors).
  * Test to confirm blocks are available and work correctly in oldest supported WordPress version (e.g. 5.3).
  * Confidence check - check blocks are available and function.
  * Test to confirm new features/fixes are working correctly.
  * Test any UI changes in mobile and desktop views.
  * Smoke test – test a cross section of core functionality.

> * [ ] Ask the porter of Rubik and Kirigami to review the changes as well and to approve the PR if everything looks good. Each porter is responsible for testing the PRs that fall under the focus of their own team. Shared functionality should be tested by both porters. This means that the Rubik porter will mostly test Cart & Checkout changes while Kirigami porter will test the other blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] Ask the porters of Rubik and Kirigami to test the built zip as well and to approve the PR if everything looks good.

Each porter is responsible for testing the PRs that fall under the focus of their own team. Shared functionality should be tested by both porters. This means that the Rubik porter will mostly test Cart & Checkout changes while Kirigami porter will test the other blocks.
```

  * If one or more PRs are not testing as expected: ping the PR authors and the porter of the relevant team and ask them if the change is a release blocker or not (you can also ping the team lead if any of them is not available). In general, if it's not a regression or there is no product/marketing reason why that PR is a blocker, all other PRs should default to not being blockers.
    * If there are blockers: stop the release and ask the PR author to fix them. If the PR author is AFK, ping the porter of their team.
    * If some PRs are not testing as expected but they are not blockers: revert the relevant commits, remove the changes from testing steps and changelog, open an issue (or reopen the original one) and proceed with the release.

>     * If minor issues are discovered during the testing, each team is responsible for logging them in Github

Reviewer 2: See previous comment.

## Update Pull Request description and get approvals

* [ ] Go through the description of the release pull request and edit it to update all the sections and checklist instructions there.
* [ ] Ask the porter of Rubik and Kirigami to review the changes in the release pull request and to approve the PR if everything looks good. The porter of each team is responsible for testing the PRs created by members of their own team. That means Rubik porter will mostly test Cart & Checkout changes while Kirigami porter will test other blocks.
  * If all PRs are testing as expected, continue with the release.
  * If one or more PRs are not testing as expected: ping the PR authors and the porter of the relevant team and ask them if the change is a release blocker or not (you can also ping the team lead if any of them is not available). In general, if it's not a regression or there is no product/marketing reason why that PR is a blocker, all other PRs should default to not being blockers.
    * If there are blockers: stop the release and ask the PR author and team porter to fix them.

>     * If some PRs are not testing as expected but they are not blockers: remove the from testing steps and changelog, open an issue (or reopen the original one) and proceed with the release.

Reviewer: Same comment, I think we need to mention here that we need to revert the PR's commits

Author: Done in 09c929eabe74ebe8dd94eca29f467da2b7b5fa6f.
